DOC: Migration guide chapter for Scheduler Bypass (#525)
oneapi-src/oneTBB: doc/main/tbb_userguide/Migration_Guide/Task_API.rst

        }
        tg.wait();
    }

Scheduler Bypass
----------------

In TBB task::execute() method can return a pointer to task to be executed next. 
Thus both avoids spawn overhead and prevents steal of the task by other thread.

.. code:: cpp

    // Assuming OtherTask is defined.
    

>     struct Task: tbb::task {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    struct Task : tbb::task {
```

        task* execute(){

>             //some work to do...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // some work to do
```

            return new(tbb::task::allocate_root()) OtherTask{};
        }
    };
    
    int main(){

>         tbb::task * r = new (tbb::task::allocate_root()) Task {};

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        tbb::task* r = new (tbb::task::allocate_root()) Task{};
```

        task::spawn_root_and_wait(r);
    }

In oneTBB this can be done using preview feature of ``oneapi::tbb::task_group``. 

.. code:: cpp

    // Assuming OtherTask is defined.
    
    int main(){
        oneapi::tbb::task_group tg;
        

>         tg.run([&](){
>             //some work to do...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        tg.run([] {
            // some work to do
```

Author: as `tg` is used - it need to be captured

Reviewer: Soo, `[&tg]`)

Author: fixed

        }
        tg.wait();
    }

Scheduler Bypass
----------------

> In TBB task::execute() method can return a pointer to task to be executed next. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In TBB task::execute() method can return a pointer to the task that is executed next. 
```

Author: changed in the following suggestions

> Thus both avoids spawn overhead and prevents steal of the task by other thread.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thus, both of them avoid spawning an overhead and prevent the task from being stolen by another thread.
```

Author: changed as by Alex suggestion

.. code:: cpp
    
    #include <tbb/task.h>
    
    // Assuming OtherTask is defined.
    
    struct Task : tbb::task {
        task* execute(){
            // some work to do
            return new(tbb::task::allocate_root()) OtherTask{};
        }
    };
    
    int main(){
        tbb::task* r = new (tbb::task::allocate_root()) Task{};
        task::spawn_root_and_wait(r);
    }

> In oneTBB this can be done using preview feature of ``oneapi::tbb::task_group``. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In oneTBB this can be done using the preview feature of ``oneapi::tbb::task_group``. 
```

Reviewer 3: Add some description what `defer` is doing that it creates a task for deferred execution that can be bypassed similar to classic TBB.

        }
        tg.wait();
    }

Scheduler Bypass
----------------

> TBB ``task::execute()`` method can return a pointer to task to be executed next. 
> This both avoids spawn overhead and prevents steal of the task by other thread.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
TBB ``task::execute()`` method can return a pointer to a task that can be executed next by the current thread.
This might reduce scheduling overheads comparing with direct ``spawn``. Similar to ``spawn``, the bypassed task it is not guaranteed to be executed next by the current thread.
```

> This might reduce scheduling overheads comparing with direct ``spawn``. Similar to ``spawn``, the bypassed task it is not guaranteed to be executed next by the current thread.

Reviewer 2: What is the role of the bypassed task in this sentence?

Author: ```suggestion
This might reduce scheduling overheads comparing to direct ``spawn``. Similar to ``spawn``, the returned task is not guaranteed to be executed next by the current thread.
```

    
    struct Task : tbb::task {
        task* execute(){
            // some work to do ...
            
            auto* other_p = new(this->parent().allocate_child()) OtherTask{};
            this->parent().add_ref_count();
            
            return other_p;
        }
    };
    
    int main(){
        // Assuming RootTask is  defined.
        RootTask& root = *new(tbb::task::allocate_root()) RootTask{};
    
        Task& child = *new(root.allocate_child()) Task{/*params*/};
        
        root.add_ref_count();
        
        tbb::task_spawn(child);
        
        root.wait_for_all();;
    }

In oneTBB this can be done using the preview feature of ``oneapi::tbb::task_group``. 

.. code:: cpp
   
    #define TBB_PREVIEW_TASK_GROUP_EXTENSIONS 1
    #include <oneapi/tbb/task_group.h>
    
    // Assuming OtherTask is defined.
    
    int main(){
        oneapi::tbb::task_group tg;
        
        tg.run([&tg](){
            //some work to do ...
            
            return tg.defer(OtherTask{});
        });
        
        tg.wait();
    }

Here ``oneapi::tbb::task_group::defer`` adds a new task into the ``tg``. However, the task is not put into a 

> queue of ready for execution tasks (via ``oneapi::tbb::task_group::run``), but bypassed to the executing thread directly 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
queue of tasks ready for execution via ``oneapi::tbb::task_group::run``, but bypassed to the executing thread directly 
```

> via funcion return value. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
via function return value. 
```
